Docs: onResponse hook error logging (#4178)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Server.md

*Note: If the error `statusCode` is less than 400, Fastify will automatically
set it at 500 before calling the error handler.*

> *Also note* that `setErrorHandler` will ***not*** catch any error inside `onResponse` hook

Reviewer: We should explain "why": because the response is already sent to the client.

```suggestion
*Also note* that `setErrorHandler` will ***not*** catch any unexpected error inside `onResponse` hook
```

Author: I agree to add the reason.
The 'unexpected' could not be true; it will not intercept any error even if you throw an error on purpose, making it 'expected'.

Reviewer: Fair

I was thinking that a better place for these information is this docs instead of the `Server.md` one
https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Reference/Hooks/#onresponse

Author: > I was thinking that a better place for these information is this docs instead of the `Server.md` one https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Reference/Hooks/#onresponse

Already added a note here too.

*Note: If the error `statusCode` is less than 400, Fastify will automatically
set it at 500 before calling the error handler.*

*Also note* that `setErrorHandler` will ***not*** catch any error inside

> `onResponse` hook because the response is already sent to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an `onResponse` hook because the response has already been sent to the client.
```

Author: changed
